If I say it's because I like you
Do you believe it oops
Mr. Du
You can't be kidding.
I am a live streaming host
Who is qualified to say you are Gao Peng?
You don't know your worth yet
Less than half a month
I will definitely make you the top beam of the live broadcast industry in Jiangprovince
Is what you said true?
Don't believe me, oops, I don't believe you.
I heard
Semiconductors developed by you
You can make tens of billions
Why are you wasting your time on me?
The semiconductor industry is a long-term development
The company now needs to develop
You have the capital for me to invest
It's getting late.
Where is your home
I'll take you back.
Mr. Du, thank you for taking me home
You prepare well these days
I promise to make you the head live streaming host
Sure I would.
Hey, Mr. Du
You are leaving now
Why do you think I want unspoken rules?
No, I didn't.
Or say
You just want me to stay
I just
Although not a good person
But I also don't like to be forced
I prefer you to climb into my bed yourself